#summary Configure the settings.

= Setting the path to the tracklist file =

The program will assume that the tracklist file is in the place where VirtualDJ places it, for example in Windows XP with English as language: 

`C:\Documents And Settings\<Username>\My Documents\VirtualDJ\Tracklisting\tracklist.txt`

if the document isn't in the "correct" place or if it doesn't appear to be valid (see FAQ) you will be asked to select the location of the tracklist.txt-file.

If you later, for some reason, need to change the location of your tracklist file you can right-click on the icon in the system tray and select "Set tracklist file" from the menu.


= Setting how often the program will check for new tracks =

The program reads the tracklist.txt file to determine what tracks you play, the default interval between these checks is 30seconds. If you want to change this you can right-click on the icon in the system tray and select "Set file checking interval". Just move the slider to the desired amount of seconds between checks.

= Adding users =

For the program to be able to scrobble anything it needs at least one user, to set a user right-click the system tray icon and choose "Add user". Enter your credentials in the fields and press enter. A validation will be made against last.fm and while this is going on you will see an indeterminate progress bar. Pressing cancel here will cancel the validation and the user won't be added. If the user is properly validated or if some error occurs (for example if the username or password was wrong) you will be notified.

Users are saved between between program reboots so you won't need to re-add your user every time.

Note: An Internet connection is needed when adding users, otherwise the program won't be able to validate the user.